Update python_oop.md (#356)
QuantEcon/lecture-python-programming: lectures/python_oop.md

In our example, two functions `earn` and `spend` can be applied to the current instance data.

> Taken together,  the instance data and functions  are called *attributes*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a Class,  the instance data are called *attributes* and functions are called *methods*.
```

Reviewer: There are also `properties` but I don't think we need to mention those.
